“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” ― Albert Einstein
“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.” ― Isaac Asimov
“Never memorize something that you can look up.” ― Albert Einstein
“Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.” ― Albert Einstein
“If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?” ― Albert Einstein
“Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.” ― Carl Sagan
“We are just an advanced breed of monkeys on a minor planet of a very average star. But we can understand the Universe. That makes us something very special.” ― Stephen Hawking
“I'm sure the universe is full of intelligent life. It's just been too intelligent to come here.” ― Arthur C. Clarke
“An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.” ― Niels Bohr
“That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence.” ― Christopher Hitchens
“Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler.” ― Albert Einstein
“The good thing about science is that it's true whether or not you believe in it.” ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.” ― Marie Curie
“For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.” ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
“Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in.” ― Isaac Asimov
“It would be possible to describe everything scientifically, but it would make no sense; it would be without meaning, as if you described a Beethoven symphony as a variation of wave pressure.” ― Albert Einstein
“A thinker sees his own actions as experiments and questions--as attempts to find out something. Success and failure are for him answers above all.” ― Friedrich Nietzsche
“Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.” ― Stephen Hawking
“In my opinion, we don't devote nearly enough scientific research to finding a cure for jerks.” ― Bill Watterson
“I can see how it might be possible for a man to look down upon the earth and be an atheist, but I cannot conceive how a man could look up into the heavens and say there is no God.” ― Abraham Lincoln
“Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.” ― Carl Sagan
“Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it.” ― Richard Feynman
“If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have on your hands is a non-working cat.” ― Douglas Adams
“We are an impossibility in an impossible universe.” ― Ray Bradbury
“Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge, which is power; religion gives man wisdom, which is control. Science deals mainly with facts; religion deals mainly with values. The two are not rivals.” ― Martin Luther King Jr.
“The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.” ― Albert Einstein
“Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.” ― Albert Einstein
“Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.” ― Albert Einstein
“The scientist is not a person who gives the right answers, he's one who asks the right questions.” ― Claude Lévi-Strauss
“We can judge our progress by the courage of our questions and the depth of our answers, our willingness to embrace what is true rather than what feels good.” ― Carl Sagan
“If there is any religion that could respond to the needs of modern science, it would be Buddhism.” ― Albert Einstein
“I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something.” ― Richard Feynman
“The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.” ― Niels Bohr
“The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool.” ― Richard Feynman
“The day science begins to study non-physical phenomena, it will make more progress in one decade than in all the previous centuries of its existence.” ― Nikola Tesla
“How inappropriate to call this planet "Earth," when it is clearly "Ocean.” ― Arthur C. Clarke
“I don't want to believe. I want to know.” ― Carl Sagan
“Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.” ― Clive James
“The more I learn about the universe, the less convinced I am that there's any sort of benevolent force that has anything to do with it, at all.” ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
“One thing I have learned in a long life: that all our science, measured against reality, is primitive and childlike -- and yet it is the most precious thing we have.” ― Albert Einstein
“Religion is a culture of faith; science is a culture of doubt.” ― Richard Feynman
“Science flies you to the moon. Religion flies you into buildings.” ― Victor J. Stenger
“I consider it an extremely dangerous doctrine, because the more likely we are to assume that the solution comes from the outside, the less likely we are to solve our problems ourselves.” ― Carl Sagan
“[In the Universe it may be that] Primitive life is very common and intelligent life is fairly rare. Some would say it has yet to occur on Earth.” ― Stephen Hawking
“To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.” ― Thomas A. Edison
“We know very little, and yet it is astonishing that we know so much, and still more astonishing that so little knowledge can give us so much power.” ― Bertrand Russell
“Magic's just science that we don't understand yet.” ― Arthur C. Clarke
“I would request that my body in death be buried not cremated, so that the energy content contained within it gets returned to the earth, so that flora and fauna can dine upon it, just as I have dined upon flora and fauna during my lifetime” ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
“Millions saw the apple fall, Newton was the only one who asked why?” ― Bernard M. Baruch
“In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual.” ― Galileo Galilei
“Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.” ― Carl Sagan
“My view is that if your philosophy is not unsettled daily then you are blind to all the universe has to offer.” ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
“We are trying to prove ourselves wrong as quickly as possible, because only in that way can we find progress.” ― Richard Feynman
“You can observe a lot just by watching.” ― Yogi Berra
“To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today.” ― Isaac Asimov
“He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing .” ― Epicurus
“If you thought that science was certain - well, that is just an error on your part.” ― Richard Feynman
“There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the latter ignorance.” ― Hippocrates
“I want to put on the table, not why 85% of the members of the National Academy of Sciences reject God, I want to know why 15% of the National Academy don’t.” ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
“There is a fundamental difference between religion, which is based on authority, and science, which is based on observation and reason. Science will win because it works.” ― Stephen Hawking
“You can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world, but when you're finished, you'll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird... So let's look at the bird and see what it's doing -- that's what counts.” ― Richard Feynman
“Gravity explains the motions of the planets, but it cannot explain who sets the planets in motion.” ― Isaac Newton
“A foolish faith in authority is the worst enemy of truth.” ― Albert Einstein
“God is an ever-receding pocket of﻿ scientific ignorance.” ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
“It is harder to crack prejudice than an atom.” ― Albert Einstein
“I know that the molecules in my body are traceable to phenomena in the cosmos. That makes me want to grab people on the street and say: ‘Have you HEARD THIS?” ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
“When my information changes, I alter my conclusions. What do you do, sir?” ― John Maynard Keynes
“Miracles are not contrary to nature but only contrary to what we know about nature. ” ― Augustine of Hippo
“Jokes of the proper kind, properly told, can do more to enlighten questions of politics, philosophy, and literature than any number of dull arguments.” ― Isaac Asimov
“The human spirit must prevail over technology.” ― Albert Einstein
“Kids are never the problem. They are born scientists. The problem is always the adults. They beat the curiosity out of kids. They outnumber kids. They vote. They wield resources. That's why my public focus is primarily adults.” ― Neil deGrasse Tyson
“Wonder is the seed of knowledge” ― Francis Bacon
“No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong.” ― Albert Einstein
“Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Talk is cheap. Show me the code.” ― Linus Torvalds
“A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it.” ― Frank Herbert
“Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.” ― Nikola Tesla
“Science, you don't know, looks like magic.” ― Christopher Moore
“I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned.” ― Richard Feynman
“The downside of my celebrity is that I cannot go anywhere in the world without being recognized. It is not enough for me to wear dark sunglasses and a wig. The wheelchair gives me away.” ― Stephen Hawking
“There is nothing which can better deserve our patronage than the promotion of science and literature. Knowledge is in every country the surest basis of public happiness.” ― George Washington
“Science may be described as the art of systematic oversimplification.” ― Karl R. Popper
“I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand them.” ― Baruch Spinoza
“Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.” ― Edwin Hubble
“Science is a bit like the joke about the drunk who is looking under a lamppost for a key that he has lost on the other side of the street, because that's where the light is. It has no other choice.” ― Noam Chomsky
“In terms of doing things I take a fairly scientific approach to why things happen and how they happen. I don't know if there's a god or not...” ― Bill Gates
“Many of us saw religion as harmless nonsense. Beliefs might lack all supporting evidence but, we thought, if people needed a crutch for consolation, where's the harm? September 11th changed all that.” ― Richard Dawkins
“For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled.” ― Richard Feynman
“We are all star stuff.” ― Carl Sagan
“Reality provides us with facts so romantic that imagination itself could add nothing to them.” ― Jules Verne
“That's the whole problem with science. You've got a bunch of empiricists trying to describe things of unimaginable wonder.” ― Bill Watterson
“A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism.” ― Carl Sagan
“Science is the process that takes us from confusion to understanding...” ― Brian Greene
“As to diseases, make a habit of two things — to help, or at least, to do no harm.” ― Hippocrates
“when you don't create things, you become defined by your tastes rather than ability. your tastes only narrow & exclude people. so create.” ― Why The Lucky Stiff
“A society's competitive advantage will come not from how well its schools teach the multiplication and periodic tables, but from how well they stimulate imagination and creativity.” ― Albert Einstein
“Whenever a theory appears to you as the only possible one, take this as a sign that you have neither understood the theory nor the problem which it was intended to solve.” ― Karl R. Popper
“What goes up must come down.” ― Isaac Newton
“The greatest blessing granted to mankind come by way of madness, which is a divine gift.” ― Socrates
“It has become almost a cliché to remark that nobody boasts of ignorance of literature, but it is socially acceptable to boast ignorance of science and proudly claim incompetence in mathematics.” ― Richard Dawkins
“Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know” ― Bertrand Russell
“Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that is not the reason we are doing it. ” ― Richard Feynman
“As we all know, blinking lights means science.” ― Joss Whedon
“We are star stuff harvesting sunlight.” ― Carl Sagan
“The invisible and the non-existent look very much alike.” ― Delos McKown
“I regard the afterlife to be a fairy story for people that are afraid of the dark” ― Stephen Hawking
“Philosophy of science is about as useful to scientists as ornithology is to birds.” ― Richard Feynman
“Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food and medicine to the mind.” ― Luther Burbank
“Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living. We have grasped the mystery of the atom and rejected the Sermon on the Mount.” ― Omar Nelson Bradley
“Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is opinion.” ― Democritus
“We know enough at this moment to say that the God of Abraham is not only unworthy of the immensity of creation; he is unworthy even of man.” ― Sam Harris
“Thinking only begins at the point where we have come to know that Reason, glorified for centuries, is the most obstinate adversary of thinking.” ― Martin Heidegger
“The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them.” ― Albert Einstein
“Nothing is too wonderful to be true if it be consistent with the laws of nature.” ― Michael Faraday
“Everyone has a hidden agenda. Except me!” ― Michael Crichton
“Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.” ― Tyler Kent White
“We live in a world where unfortunately the distinction between true and false appears to become increasingly blurred by manipulation of facts, by exploitation of uncritical minds, and by the pollution of the language.” ― Arne Tiselius
“Science must not impose any philosophy, any more than the telephone must tell us what to say.” ― G.K. Chesterton
“I have something that I call my Golden Rule. It goes something like this: 'Do unto others twenty-five percent better than you expect them to do unto you.' … The twenty-five percent is for error.” ― Linus Pauling
“There are no forbidden questions in science, no matters too sensitive or delicate to be probed, no sacred truths.” ― Carl Sagan
“It is very expensive to give bad medical care to poor people in a rich country.” ― Paul Farmer
“لا توجد أي دولة في العالم انطلقت في المجال التكنولوجي دون الاعتماد على اللغة الأم.” ― المهدي المنجرة
“Mother Nature doesn't care if you're having fun. ” ― Larry Niven
“But in my opinion, all things in nature occur mathematically.” ― René Descartes
“Measure what can be measured, and make measurable what cannot be measured.” ― Galileo Galilei
“The question is whether any civilization can wage relentless war on life without destroying itself, and without losing the right to be called civilized.” ― Rachel Carson
“Consciousness cannot be accounted for in physical terms. For consciousness is absolutely fundamental. It cannot be accounted for in terms of anything else.” ― Erwin Schrödinger
“Sadly, my socks are like snowflakes, no two are exactly alike.” ― Graham Parke
“When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong.” ― Arthur C. Clarke
“We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light.” ― Albert Pike
“Nothing is so dangerous to the progress of the human mind than to assume that our views of science are ultimate, that there are no mysteries in nature, that our triumphs are complete and that there are no new worlds to conquer.” ― Humphry Davy
“Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live” ― John Woods
“Science replaces private prejudice with public, verifiable evidence.” ― Richard Dawkins
“The effort to understand the universe is one of the very few things that lifts human life a little above the level of farce, and gives it some of the grace of tragedy. ” ― Steven Weinberg
“It is not clear that intelligence has any long-term survival value.” ― Stephen Hawking
“It's very, very dangerous to lose contact with living nature.” ― Albert Hofmann
“And what greater might do we possess as human beings than our capacity to question and to learn?” ― Ann Druyan
“The easiest way to do anything is properly.” ― K.J. Parker
“There are many sources of spirituality; religion may be the most common, but it is by no means the only. Anything that generates a sense of awe may be a source of spirituality. Science does this in spades.” ― Michael Shermer
“We can't help it. Life looks for life.” ― Carl Sagan
“Stop telling God what to do with his dice.” ― Niels Bohr
“My dream, is to dream, a dream.” ― Santosh Kalwar
“Be humble for you are made of earth. Be noble for you are made of stars.” ― Serbian Proverb
“People wrap themselves in their beliefs. And they do it in such a way that you can't set them free. Not even the truth will set them free.” ― Michael Specter
“It is a profound and necessary truth that the deep things in science are not found because they are useful; they are found because it was possible to find them.” ― J. Robert Oppenheimer
“It is not what the man of science believes that distinguishes him, but how and why he believes it. His beliefs are tentative, not dogmatic; they are based on evidence, not on authority or intuition.” ― Bertrand Russell
“The most telling and profound way of describing the evolution of the universe would undoubtedly be to trace the evolution of love.” ― Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
“Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else and thinking something different.” ― Albert Szent-Györgyi
“That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers.” ― Larry Niven
“Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice. ” ― Will Durant
“Our true mentor in life is science.” ― Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
“The way to find out about our place in the universe is by examining the universe and by examining ourselves - without preconceptions, with as unbiased a mind as we can muster.” ― Carl Sagan
“Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.” ― Bill Gates
“Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does.” ― Sukhraj S. Dhillon
“Science teaches to think but love teaches to smile.” ― Santosh Kalwar
“Science is what we have learned about how to keep from fooling ourselves.” ― Richard Feynman
“He who hears the rippling of rivers in these degenerate days will not utterly despair.” ― Henry David Thoreau
“One planet, one experiment.” ― Edward O. Wilson
“[Quantum mechanics] describes nature as absurd from the point of view of common sense. And yet it fully agrees with experiment. So I hope you can accept nature as She is - absurd.” ― Richard Feynman
“The essence of science is that it is always willing to abandon a given idea for a better one; the essence of theology is that it holds its truths to be eternal and immutable.” ― H.L. Mencken
“Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.” ― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“You've baked a really lovely cake, but then you've used dog shit for frosting.” ― Steve Jobs
“Be sceptical, ask questions, demand proof. Demand evidence. Don't take anything for granted. But here's the thing: When you get proof, you need to accept the proof. And we're not that good at doing that.” ― Michael Specter
“The aim of science is to discover and illuminate truth. And that, I take it, is the aim of literature, whether biography or history... It seems to me, then, that there can be no separate literature of science.” ― Rachel Carson
“How you look at it is pretty much how you'll see it” ― Rasheed Ogunlaru
“I'm not a great programmer; I'm just a good programmer with great habits.” ― Kent Beck
“One of the penalties of an ecological education is that one lives alone in a world of wounds.” ― Aldo Leopold
“The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.” ― Thomas Aquinas
“When in doubt, C-4.” ― Adam Savage
“It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow.” ― Robert H. Goddard
“Einstein said that if quantum mechanics were correct then the world would be crazy. Einstein was right - the world is crazy.” ― Daniel M. Greenberger
“So the story of man runs in a dreary circle, because he is not yet master of the earth that holds him.” ― Will Durant
“Science is the most reliable guide in life.” ― Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
“The labours of men of genius, however erroneously directed, scarcely ever fail in ultimately turning to the solid advantage of mankind.” ― Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley
“Maybe you who condemn me are in greater fear than I who am condemned.” ― Giordano Bruno
“When things get too complicated, it sometimes makes sense to stop and wonder: Have I asked the right question?” ― Enrico Bombieri
“Those who are enslaved to their sects are not merely devoid of all sound knowledge, but they will not even stop to learn!” ― Galen
“Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds. (quoting the Bhagavad-Gita after witnessing the first Nuclear explosion.)” ― J. Robert Oppenheimer
“What we call rational grounds for our beliefs are often extremely irrational attempts to justify our instincts.” ― Thomas Henry Huxley
“Skepticism is the agent of reason against organized irrationalism--and is therefore one of the keys to human social and civic decency.” ― Stephen Jay Gould
“If a rat is a good model for your emotional life, you're in big trouble.” ― Robert M. Sapolsky
“Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity.” ― Democritus
“Emotional states are fairly quick bursts of neuronal gossip. Traits, on the other hand, are more like the neuronal equivalent of committed relationships.” ― Yongey Mingyur
“Everyone knows that debugging is twice as hard as writing a program in the first place. So if you're as clever as you can be when you write it, how will you ever debug it?” ― Brian W. Kernighan
“Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art; it arises in hypothesis and flows into achievement.” ― Will Durant
“Man moves in a world that is nothing more or less than his consciousness objectified.–Neville Goddard” ― Neville Goddard
“Certein bodies... become luminous when heated. Their luminosity disappears after some time, but the capacity of becoming luminous afresh through heat is restored to them by the action of a spark, and also by the action of radium.” ― Marie Curie
“Reality is, you know, the tip of an iceberg of irrationality that we've managed to drag ourselves up onto for a few panting moments before we slip back into the sea of the unreal.” ― Terence McKenna
“The European talks of progress because by the aid of a few scientific discoveries he has established a society which has mistaken comfort for civilisation.” ― Benjamin Disraeli
“Science is the poetry of reality.” ― Richard Dawkins
“One possibility is: God is nothing but the power of the universe to organize itself.” ― Lee Smolin
“Never fire a laser at a mirror. ” ― Larry Niven
“The measure of greatness in a scientific idea is the extent to which it stimulates thought and opens up new lines of research.” ― Paul A.M. Dirac
“Mathematics is the cheapest science. Unlike physics or chemistry, it does not require any expensive equipment. All one needs for mathematics is a pencil and paper.” ― George Pólya
“It is important to view knowledge as sort of a semantic tree -- make sure you understand the fundamental principles, ie the trunk and big branches, before you get into the leaves/details or there is nothing for them to hang on to.” ― Elon Musk
“Nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution.” ― Theodosius Dobzhansky
“By denying scientific principles, one may maintain any paradox.” ― Galileo Galilei
“In every man, there is a child. In every woman, there is a mother. ” ― Santosh Kalwar
“It would be better for us to have some doubts in an honest pursuit of truth, than it would be for us to be certain about something that was not true.	” ― Daniel Wallace
“Science is a way of trying not to fool yourself. The principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.” ― Richard Feynman
“A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing.” ― Alan J. Perlis
“Science never solves a problem without creating ten more” ― George Bernard Shaw
“Laws of nature have no physical properties of mass /energy. They are platonic truths in transcendent realm that create & govern the Universe.” ― Deepak Chopra
“Deux choses sont infinies : l’Univers et la bêtise humaine. Mais, en ce qui concerne l’Univers, je n’en ai pas encore acquis la certitude absolue.” ― Albert Einstein
“Nothing great is ever accomplished by following standards.” ― Geoffroy Birtz
“Science Fiction: Any scientific acclaim that omits God.” ― Johnny Hart
“I guess I'm just an old mad scientist at bottom. Give me an underground laboratory, half a dozen atom-smashers, and a beautiful girl in a diaphanous veil waiting to be turned into a chimpanzee, and I care not who writes the nation's laws.” ― S.J. Perelman
“The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to understand the exponential function.” ― Albert A. Bartlett
“One of the great achievements of science has been, if not to make it impossible for intelligent people to be religious, then at least to make it possible for them not to be religious. We should not retreat from this accomplishment.” ― Steven Weinberg
“Take chances! Get messy! Make mistakes!” ― Joanna Cole
“Science is the topography of ignorance.” ― Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
“Science is not a heartless pursuit of objective information; it is a creative human activity.” ― Stephen Jay Gould
“Religions die when they are proved to be true. Science is the record of dead religions.” ― Oscar Wilde
“Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle has landed.” ― Neil Armstrong
“If the world should blow itself up, the last audible voice would be that of an expert saying it can't be done.” ― Peter Ustinov
“Impossibility only lasts until you find new unbelievable hard evidences.” ― Toba Beta
“You cannot explore the universe if you think that you are the center of it.” ― Joshua Suya Pelicano
“Witchcraft to the ignorant, .... Simple science to the learned.” ― Leigh Brackett
“If you are searching for sacred knowledge and not just a palliative for your fears, then you will train yourself to be a good skeptic.” ― Ann Druyan
“The thing is, it's very dangerous to have a fixed idea. A person with a fixed idea will always find some way of convincing himself in the end that he is right” ― Atle Selberg
“Science is a first-rate piece of furniture for a man's upper chamber, if he has common sense on the ground floor.” ― Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
“Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.” ― Edsger W. Dijkstra
“The plural of anecdote is not data.” ― Marc Bekoff
“We have not the reverent feeling for the rainbow that the savage has, because we know how it is made. We have lost as much as we gained by prying into that matter.” ― Mark Twain
“An ocean traveler has even more vividly the impression that the ocean is made of waves than that it is made of water.” ― Arthur Stanley Eddington
“The physician must be able to tell the antecedents, know the present, and foretell the future — must mediate these things, and have two special objects in view with regard to disease, namely, to do good or to do no harm.” ― Hippocrates
“Science is observing truth in the light of head. Religion is observing truth in the light of heart. Humanity is using both the lights. And education is developing that humanity.” ― Amit Ray
“The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance - the idea that anything is possible.” ― Ray Bradbury
“Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.” ― Edward Berard
“For me, I think the greatest achievements of science is to allow humanity to realize that our world is comprehensible. Through science, rational thinking, we can understand how the universe works.” ― Jim Al-Khalili
“By far the greatest danger of Artificial Intelligence is that people conclude too early that they understand it.” ― Eliezer Yudkowsky
“A true conservationist is a man who knows that the world is not given by his fathers, but borrowed from his children.” ― John James Audubon
“Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning... because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.” ― Chidi Okonkwo
“This is the team. We're trying to go to the moon. If you can't put someone up, please don't put them down.” ― NASA
“Science and technology multiply around us. To an increasing extent they dictate the languages in which we speak and think. Either we use those languages, or we remain mute.” ― J.G. Ballard
“Perl – The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption.” ― Keith Bostic
“There are no foolish questions and no man becomes a fool until he has stopped asking questions.” ― Charles Proteus Steinmetz
“NASA spent millions of dollars inventing the ball-point pen so they could write in space. The Russians took a pencil.” ― Will Chabot
“The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language.” ― Alan Kay
“We're all a genius, but If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.” ― Albert Einstien
“There are no things man was not meant to know. There are, perhaps, things man is too dumb to figure out, but that's a different problem.” ― Michael Kurland
“The more you delve into science, the more it appears to rely on faith.” ― Jon Stewart
“You can get into a habit of thought in which you enjoy making fun of all those other people who don't see things as clearly as you do. We have to guard carefully against it.” ― Carl Sagan
“When man becomes greater than nature, nature, which gave us birth, will respond.” ― Loren Eiseley
“Belief is a wonderful way to pass the time until the facts come in.” ― Carl R White
“If your experiment needs a statistician, you need a better experiment.” ― Ernest Rutherford
“Every day, and in every way, I am becoming better and better.” ― Émile Coué
“We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster.” ― Carl Sagan
“It is our task, both in science and in society at large, to prove the conventional wisdom wrong and to make our unpredictable dreams come true” ― Freeman Dyson
“There are two kinds of truth; The truth that lights the way and the truth that warms the heart. The fist of these is science and the second is art.” ― Raymond Chandler
“The meaning of world is the separation of wish and fact.” ― Kurt Gödel
“Oh! to shoot for the stars if feels right. Aim for my heart if it feels right.” ― Maroon 5
“Many people find bald, unvarnished truths so disturbing, they prefer to ram their heads in the sand and start dreaming at the first sign of scientific reality.” ― Charlie Brooker
“From the scientific view, the theory of karma may be a metaphysical assumption -- but it is no more so than the assumption that all of life is material and originated out of pure chance” ― Dalai Lama XIV
“The alternative to thinking in evolutionary terms is not to think at all.” ― Peter Medawar
“Not only were science and religion compatible, they were inseparable--the rise of science was achieved by deeply religious Christian scholars. ” ― Rodney Stark
“But still try for who knows what is possible!” ― Michael Faraday
“The advantage of the emotions is that they lead us astray, and the advantage of science is that it is not emotional.” ― Oscar Wilde
“This fascination with computer models is something I understand very well. Richard Feynmann called it a disease. I fear he is right.” ― Michael Crichton
“Oh juventud nunca dejes de pensar...” ― Albert Einstein
“I will argue that every scrap of biological diversity is priceless, to be learned and cherished, and never to be surrendered without a struggle.” ― Edward O. Wilson
“The most important property of a program is whether it accomplishes the intention of its user.” ― C.A.R. Hoare
“A kiss without a moustache, they said then, is like an egg without salt; I will add to it: and it is like Good without Evil.” ― Jean-Paul Sartre
“Is there any conflict between science and religion? There is no conflict in the mind of God, but often there is conflict in the minds of men.” ― Henry B. Eyring
“Lo que sabemos es una gota de agua; lo que ignoramos es un océano.” ― Isaac Newton
“Your Excellency, I have no need of this hypothesis.” ― Pierre-Simon Laplace
“Nothing in the universe can travel at the speed of light, they say, forgetful of the shadow`s speed.” ― Howard Nemerov
“The scientific method is nothing more than a system of rules to keep us from lying to each other.” ― Ken Norris
“Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.” ― Martin Fowler
“I think you'll find it's a bit more complicated than that.” ― Ben Goldacre
“Al-Qur'an is not a book of Science, ‘S-C-I-E-N-C-E’ but a book of Signs ‘S-I-G-N-S” ― Zakir Naik
“If a conclusion is not poetically balanced, it cannot be scientifically true.” ― Isaac Asimov
“I don't know how many of you have ever met Dijkstra, but you probably know that arrogance in computer science is measured in nano-Dijkstras.” ― Alan Kay
“Revere those things beyond science which really matter and about which it is so difficult to speak.” ― Werner Heisenberg
“The world keeps happening, in accordance with its rules; it's up to us to make sense of it and give it value.” ― Sean Carroll
“......” ― Gordon Freeman
“Science has made us gods even before we are worthy of being men.” ― Jean Rostand
“It is of great advantage to the student of any subject to read the original memoirs on that subject, for science is always most completely assimilated when it is in the nascent state...” ― James Clerk Maxwell
“After all, what else is scientific enquiry of any sort other than a controlled version of banging one's head against the universe until something gives?” ― Tom Holt
“(T)he increase of known truths stimulates the investigation, establishment, and growth of the arts.” ― Galileo Galilei
“Enlightenment is the unprogrammed state.” ― Jed McKenna
“Universe consists of frozen light.” ― David Bohm
“A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion” ― Francis Bacon
“Arabic science throughout its golden age was inextricably linked to religion; indeed, it was driven by the need of early scholars to interpret the Qur'an.” ― Jim Al-Khalili
“Do not imagine that mathematics is hard and crabbed, and repulsive to common sense. It is merely the etherealization of common sense.” ― William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin
“A good scientist is a person with original ideas. A good engineer is a person who makes a design that works with as few original ideas as possible.” ― Freeman Dyson
“Swiftly the brain becomes an enchanted loom, where millions of flashing shuttles weave a dissolving pattern-always a meaningful pattern-though never an abiding one.” ― Charles Sherrington
“There is one and only one statistical method for one objective in research.” ― Gayatri Vishwakarma
“One has a greater sense of intellectual degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience.” ― Alice James
“We know that energy can not be created nor destroyed but can be changed in it's form. If it can not be formed then it can not exist. We may not exist.” ― Mohammed Ali
“People in science fiction flicks always seemed to know useful things about the places time travel took them. But what if the time traveler had been only an average history student? What then?” ― Tad Williams
“If you're good at the debugger it means you spent a lot of time debugging. I don't want you to be good at the debugger.” ― Robert C. Martin
“We're not responsible, he thought. This planet is a temporary affair. It's whizzing with all kinds of other ones, a whole range of planetary stuff, toward a star in the Milky Way. On that kind of a planet we're not responsible, he thought.” ― Bertolt Brecht
“For once reality and his brains came into contact and the result was fatal.” ― Thomas Henry Huxley
“That the universe was formed by a fortuitous concourse of atoms, I will no more believe than that the accidental jumbling of the alphabet would fall into a most ingenious treatise of philosophy.” ― Jonathan Swift
“I have no responsibility to live up to what others expect of me. That's their mistake, not my failing.” ― Richard Feynman
“The important thing in science is not so much to obtain new facts as to discover new ways of thinking about them” ― William Lawrence Bragg
“Men are not potatoes!” ― Robert A. Heinlein
“Our life stories are largely constructed and without mindfulness can prove destructive.” ― Rasheed Ogunlaru